options that you have to work with the sailor who is sick and sometimes
maybe for long periods of time is working with your medical department
to make sure that they're getting taken care of in the right approach
you obviously want to make sure that the individual is in just
trying to get out of work by claiming they're sick all the time that's
something you can have with those discussions with your medical
department and follow up with them find out what information they can
tell you based on HIPAA laws in those kind of things and they might
be able to say yes this person is going through this are there having
this particular treatment plan which consists of this and that
way you're aware and you can make those changes and adjustments to accommodate
that individual but you just need to kind of work with that
individual as well as the medical department to figure out you know
how we can get this person healthy again an operating at their full
potential